lightning: add IMPORT INTO vs. TiDB Lightning (#17410)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-overview.md

- [Amazon S3](/external-storage-uri.md#amazon-s3-uri-format)
- [Google Cloud Storage](/external-storage-uri.md#gcs-uri-format)

> **Note:**
>

> > Compared with TiDB Lightning, [`IMPORT INTO`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md) has greatly improved in terms of deployment, resource utilization, task configuration convenience, ease of invocation and integration, automated distributed task scheduling and management, enhanced import stability based on Global Sort, high availability, and scalability. It is recommended that you consider using `IMPORT INTO` instead of TiDB Lightning in appropriate scenarios.

Author: ```suggestion
> Compared with TiDB Lightning, [`IMPORT INTO`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md) has greatly improved in terms of deployment, resource utilization, task configuration convenience, ease of invocation and integration, automated distributed task scheduling and management, enhanced import stability based on [TiDB Global Sort](/tidb-global-sort.md), high availability, and scalability. It is recommended that you consider using `IMPORT INTO` instead of TiDB Lightning in appropriate scenarios.
```

> > Compared with TiDB Lightning, [`IMPORT INTO`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md) has greatly improved in terms of deployment, resource utilization, task configuration convenience, ease of invocation and integration, automated distributed task scheduling and management, enhanced import stability based on [TiDB Global Sort](/tidb-global-sort.md), high availability, and scalability. It is recommended that you consider using `IMPORT INTO` instead of TiDB Lightning in appropriate scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Compared with TiDB Lightning, the [`IMPORT INTO`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md) statement can be directly executed on TiDB nodes, supports automated distributed task scheduling and [TiDB Global Sort](/tidb-global-sort.md), and offers significant improvements in deployment, resource utilization, task configuration convenience, ease of invocation and integration, high availability, and scalability. It is recommended that you consider using `IMPORT INTO` instead of TiDB Lightning in appropriate scenarios.
```
